Add Columns for Ticket Holder Name and Email for CSV export (#1951)
the-events-calendar/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Fix - Compatibility with WordPress 5.7 and jQuery 3.5.X [ET-992]
* Fix - Prevent the Attendee Registration page from having the title coming from draft pages. [ETP-360]
* Fix - Highlight the "Ticketed" and "Unticketed" filters in the WordPress when they're applied. [ET-1022]

> * Tweak - New `Ticket Holder Name` and `Ticket Holder Email Address` columns added on attendee export CSV file. [ETP-652]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Added new `Ticket Holder Name` and `Ticket Holder Email Address` columns to the Attendees Report export CSV file and update the previous `Customer` columns to label as `Purchaser`. [ETP-652]
```
